Translation corrections (#441)
07th-mod/higurashi-console-arcs: Update/ura_011.txt

			NULL, "\"Moreover, the developing self-loathing can even evoke self-harm...", Line_WaitForInput);
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 28, "ps3/s14/28/vt4bb_tomoe2257", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "でも、これでだいたいの合点がいったわ」",

> 			NULL, " But, I think this clears a lot up.\"", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, " But, I think this clears up a lot.\"", Line_Normal);
```

			NULL, "\"I'm glad to know that you were worried about me... Really, I am.", Line_WaitForInput);
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 28, "ps3/s14/28/vt4bb_tomoe2297", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "だけど、ここまで来て誰かにお任せ、って性に合わないの。",

> 			NULL, " But, it's not my character to come this far only to leave things in the hands of others. ", GetGlobalFlag(GLinemodeSp));

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, " But, I'm not the sort of person to come this far only to leave things in the hands of others. ", GetGlobalFlag(GLinemodeSp));
```

	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLine("<color=#f5e6d3>前野</color>", NULL, "<color=#f5e6d3>Maeno</color>", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 0, "ps3/s14/00/vt4bb_maeno1007", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "「さすが、南井さんの娘…ってのは、もう死語だな。",
			NULL, "\"The words \"I'd expect no less from Minai's daughter"\"... will go out of style.", Line_WaitForInput);
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 0, "ps3/s14/00/vt4bb_maeno1008", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "むしろ今後は、南井巴の父も刑事だった、てな言い方になるんだろう」",

> 			NULL, " In fact, going forward, they'll be saying that \"Tomoe Minai's father was also detective.\"", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, " In fact, going forward, they'll be saying that \"Tomoe Minai's father was a detective too.\"\"", Line_Normal);
```

	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLine("<color=#f5e6d3>秋山</color>", NULL, "<color=#f5e6d3>Akiyama</color>", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 0, "ps3/s14/00/vt4bb_akiyama1041", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "「そのためにデータ集めに関しては企業側も必死で、謝礼なども含めていろいろ『実弾』が飛び交っています。",

> 			NULL, "\"Thus, companies are desperate to collect data, enough so that they're shooting all sorts of \"live ammunition\", including rewards.", Line_WaitForInput);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "\"Thus, companies are so desperate to collect data, including rewards, that they're shooting all sorts of \"live ammunition\".", Line_WaitForInput);
```
